The easiest way for Windows users to take this course they just signed up for free Python anywhere count.
I'm not connected to Python anywhere.
It's just an easy way to build your Django app and get it online.
So I'll take you through the set process.
Go to pipe going anywhere don't call and create a free account then sign in and click on the Help tab
and the nav bar click on step by step guide.
I'll be taking you through the jungle.
Tauriel when we are done setting up Gengel and peptone anywhere you'll be all set to take the course
to go to this euro and the first thing I need to do is create a new bash console open a new top to your
pipe or anywhere dashboard and you're starting new council.
Click on Flash
go back to the Django tutorial.
I need to create a new virtual environment.
Remember that virtual environments ensure that none of the protip dependencies conflict to create a
new virtual environment.
Copy and virtual NVI Django 17 all the way to Python.
Go to your bash console and paste it.
However I'm a Python 2.7 to type 2.7 at the end and press ENTER
So pipe anywhere named this virtual environment jingoes 17 just to stick to the pipelining were changed
Torro as much as possible or keep the virtual environment name Ichigo 17.
I know the virtual varment is active because the virtual varment name Jager's 17 is now in brackets.
Now the virtual varments active.
Anything I install will be self-contained or use the Python packages or Pipp to install Django abusing
Gengel version of awkward tend to take Pip and JEGGO equals equals 1.10 and to ensure Django has been
installed.
Go back to Tauriel.
Copy this line open your bash console 1.10 print it.
Therefore know Django has been successfully installed to create a new Django project and the bash console
run Jadot dash oddment Doppie Why start a project.
Try JEGGO.
I called this project chargé ago.
You can call it whatever you like.
Open another browser top to the Python and the word dashboard.
A click on files.
Go in and try and go try Django.
And this is the path to setting stoppie Why so click on settings to occupy to open it.
IPhone anywhere has a built in text editor.
This means you could build the entire site from Python anywhere.
Scroll down 178.
This is where the database is set.
Oliv. Eskew light as the default database.
Just remember that whenever you make a change to a file using the pipeline it anywhere editor.
Make sure to click the save it go back to the directory.
Tauriel.
One major difference between developing on line pipe on anywhere and developing a local machine is if
you are using pipeline anywhere you don't have to run the local server or show you what to do instead
of the pie going anywhere.
Dashboard click on Web click on any web tab
that hit next hit Matto configuration pipelined 2.7.
Hit next one more time.
And this is the web configuration page.
Scroll down to the virtual in the section of the path to your virtual in the upby something like home.
Your username dot virtual in the slash your virtual name.
So my path is slash slash energy Sastre bought virtual ien vs slash jingoes 17 I drew the section code
click on the W SGI configuration file delete all the unnecessary stuff delete from line 1 to Django
then delete from the old chain go to the Barner
and comment section.
Of course portaging.
Go 1.10.
Then update the path from my site to name you called your Django.
I called mine.
Try Django.
So Line 8 home nor trace.
Try Django that on line 12.
Tried Django got settings and hit save.
Go back to the Web tab.
Make sure to reload your web page then click on her website link.
I can see that jingoes now all set up open the bash Colazal to clear the screen run clear and is set
up my database listing all the files in this directory.
Run LS when needed change into the root of the project.
The root of the project is where the file manager will be wise to change directories run a CD.
Try Django directories the same thing as a folder.
Run LS I see manage.
Why therefore a gnome in the root of the project to migrate the database run.
I don't imagine you why migrate.
I'm going to create a new superuser run pipe or manage IPY creates super user a user's username and
password to log into Gengel Abbot.
So go back to the Web tab and hit the reload button
and then click on your website address.
Go to slash oddment bargain with your superuser credentials explain more about J go Adam and later.
I want to finish setting it up first.
This is all coming true because I haven't set up the stock photos yet before I set up the site files.
I need to create a few folders in Python anywhere.
Open the files tab
and go to Home slash your username create a new directory.
Call it static
in the stack directory create three new folders the first called static could get you to go back to
that current directory called a second static only and the third media
then go with the whole notchy static static and create three new directories.
The first I agree succored see a US finally create a job a script folder
that go back to the Web tap and scroll down to static files before the stock falls will come through.
And you just set up static files entry point the euro the static Eurail to the folder specified as a
static route set the euro and directory to home slash your username in my case not actually SAS started
SAS static only
then open title anywhere setting stock Kiwa
and scroll to the bottom.
I'm going to put some directory paths or when debug equals true debug will only equal true trigged element
so that users don't see errors only to change this when the site is live.
Just make sure it's equal true.
And then on the bottom say stop here y type if debug static route equals this path.
Static files equals this path to no static great and static files directories all set up the project
CSSA javascript will go into the site directory.
It's just important that the settings are here.
So the abstract files will serve properly opened your basket also from the root of the project run.
Python managed IPY collects Dodik who Bactrim more than any other web tab.
Reload the page go to slash Arbet
great.
The balls are coming through.
Now you can follow along in future videos and everything will work with Python anywhere.
The main thing to remember is that future videos when I run my local development server on Python anywhere
you don't have to.
Instead whenever you make a change for Python anywhere project make sure to reload the webapp then you
see your project lies.
Now you have J-Lo's set up and working on Python anywhere you are ready to follow step by step.
As I build and launch a site that accepts payment was streite of building my app on OSX.
But the code and file structure be exactly the same for pipelined anywhere.